# Workshop 2
Simple implementation of Data Access Object paters on User class and UserDao to communicate with database.

## Description
There are two classes created: User and UserDao

### User
Created User class stores data fields:
* id - (auto-generated by database)
* username - user name
* password - hashed password
* email = user email

Class has getter and setter methods for every data field.

### UserDao
Created class UserDao has methods:
* public User (User user)
  Method returns instance of User class with all data fields filled.
  This method takes User object that has all data fields filled except id.
  Saves User object as a new record in database giving it unique id.
  This new id is then passed as argument to set the id for User object

* public User read(int userId)
  Method returns instance od User class with all data fields filled.
  This method gets integer that is used to query record by its id.
  When record is found it creates new instance of User class and populates its data fields
  with data from the queried record.

* public void update(User user)
  Method updates record in database that has the same id as `user` instance of the User class.

* public User[] findAll
  Method returns array of User objects.
  Method connects with database to get all records.
  For every record from database the new instance of the User class is created and all data fields
  populated with data from the record. Then record is added to array list.

* public void delete(int userId)
  Method gets id that is used in delete query to delete record holding id. 